README file for libwww-perl version 5b11
----------------------------------------

Libwww-perl is a collection of Perl modules which provides a simple
and consistent programming interface (API) to the World-Wide Web.  The
main focus of the library is to provide functions that allow you to
write WWW clients, thus libwww-perl said to be a WWW client
library. The library also contain modules that are of more general
use.

There are actually two versions of libwww-perl: one for Perl4, and one
for Perl5. Both have a similar architecture, loosely based on the CERN
Library of Common Code.

The Perl4 version is still maintained by Roy Fielding, and was the
basis for tools such as MOMSpider. This version and much more
information about its libraries can be found at:
http://www.ics.uci.edu/pub/websoft/libwww-perl/

The Perl5 version (this package) is a complete rewrite for Perl5: the
code is organized in Modules, provides an Object Oriented API, is
updated for the latest HTTP and URL specification, and offers some
extended functionality.


AVAILABILITY

The latest version of libwww-perl should always be available from:

     http://www.sn.no/libwww-perl/

The library is also available from the Comprehensive Perl Archive
Network (CPAN). Visit <URL:http://www.perl.com/CPAN/> to find a CPAN
site near you.


INSTALLATION

In order to use this package you will need Perl version 5.002 or
better.  As usual, you install the library by running these commands:

   perl Makefile.PL
   make
   make test
   make install

The Makefile.PL program will start out by checking your perl
installation for a few packages that you are recommended to install
together with libwww-perl.  These packages should be available on CPAN
(described above).

You can edit the configuration section of Makefile.PL to select which
programs to install in addition to the library itself.  If you don't
want to install any programs then make the initial Makefile with:

   perl Makefile.PL -n

Optional network tests are not enabled automatically when you unpack
the package.  Consult the t/README file for instructions on how to
enable these tests.


DOCUMENTATION

See lib/LWP.pm for an overview of the library. See ChangeLog for
recent changes.  POD style documentation is included in all modules
and scripts.  These are normally converted to manual pages and
installed as part of the "make install" process.  You should also be
able to use the 'perldoc' utility to extract documentation from these
files.


ABOUT THE HTML MODULES

The HTML::* modules should still be regarded as being in some kind of
alpha state.  The interfaces provided by these modules might change in
future releases of this library.  You are warned!


MAILING LIST

The best place to report bugs and discuss this package is on the
<libwww-perl@ics.uci.edu> mailing list.  You can join the mailing list
by sending a message to <libwww-perl-request@ics.uci.edu> with
"Subscribe" as subject.             ^^^^^^^^


COPYRIGHT

  © 1995 Martijn Koster. All rights reserved.
  © 1995, 1996 Gisle Aas. All rights reserved.

This library is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify
it under the same terms as Perl itself.


Enjoy!
